Patterns topics: remove the warning for the necessity to detach (#528)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/patterns/patterns-overview.md

# Patterns Overview

> The **Indigo.Design System** boosts your productivity with 180+ UI Patterns assembled from Indigo.Design Components. They are enhanced with the same responsive web design behavior and theming capabilities. The UI Patterns can be found spread across separate pages of the Sketch library, while in the Adobe XD library they can be found in the right column:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Indigo.Design System** boosts your productivity with 180+ UI Patterns assembled from Indigo.Design Components. They are enhanced with the same responsive web design behavior and theming capabilities. The UI Patterns can be found spread across separate pages of the Sketch library, while in the Adobe XD library they can be found in the right column of the library file:
```

- 🌆 Tiles
- 🌆 User Profile

> Unlike a component, some patterns in the Sketch library can be detached to show as a group, preserving the look and feel you have defined before that. In the Adobe XD library detach is not applicable and needed. Below is a snippet of some of the [list patterns](lists.md) such as a contacts list, searchable and filterable lists, and list empty states when no matching results are found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike a component, some patterns in the Sketch library can be detached to show as a group, preserving the look and feel you have defined before that. In the Adobe XD library ungrouping a pattern is not necessary. Below is a snippet of some of the [list patterns](lists.md) such as a contacts list, searchable and filterable lists, and list empty states when no matching results are found.
```

- 🌆 Tiles
- 🌆 User Profile

> Unlike a component, some patterns in the Sketch library can be detached to show as a group, preserving the look and feel you have defined before that. In the Adobe XD library ungrouping a pattern is not necessary. Unlinking patterns from the libraries makes it impossible to apply updates from subsequent versions of the Design System automatically. Below is a snippet of some of the [list patterns](lists.md) such as a contacts list, searchable and filterable lists, and list empty states when no matching results are found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike a component, some patterns in the Sketch library can be detached to show as a group, preserving the look and feel you have defined before that. However, in Adobe XD ungrouping a pattern has devastating implications on the ability to generate code from the resulting layout as it turns all nested components into groups and prevents us from tracing their structure correctly. You can make any state, layout, and styling adjustment in Adobe XD without ungrouping a pattern so we kindly advise you to keep the entirety of these patterns on your artboards. Also bear in mind that in both Sketch and Adobe XD, unlinking a pattern from the library makes it impossible to apply updates from subsequent versions of the Design System automatically. Below is a snippet of some of the [list patterns](lists.md) such as a contacts list, searchable and filterable lists, and list empty states when no matching results are found.
```
